Add VM switch guide for TiUP cluster (#20957)
pingcap/docs: maintain-tidb-using-tiup.md

```bash
tiup cluster destroy ${cluster-name}
```

## Switch from Prometheus to VictoriaMetrics

> In large clusters, Prometheus may face efficiency challenges, especially when there are many instances. Since TiUP v1.16.3, TiUP supports switching the metrics server from Prometheus to VictoriaMetrics (VM) to provide better scalability, higher performance, and lower resource consumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In large-scale clusters, Prometheus might encounter performance bottlenecks when handling a large number of instances. Starting from TiUP v1.16.3, TiUP supports switching the monitoring component from Prometheus to VictoriaMetrics (VM) to provide better scalability, higher performance, and lower resource consumption.
```

### Set up VictoriaMetrics for a new deployment

> By default, TiUP uses Prometheus as the metrics server. To use VictoriaMetrics instead of Prometheus in a new deployment, configure the topology file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, TiUP uses Prometheus as the metrics monitoring component. To use VictoriaMetrics instead of Prometheus in a new deployment, configure the topology file as follows:
```

```yaml
# Monitoring server configuration
monitoring_servers:
  # IP address of the monitoring server
  - host: ip_address
    ...
    prom_remote_write_to_vm: true
    enable_prom_agent_mode: true

# Grafana server configuration
grafana_servers:
  # IP address of the Grafana server
  - host: ip_address
    ...
    use_vm_as_datasource: true
```

### Migrate an existing deployment to VictoriaMetrics

> You can perform the migration process without affecting running instances. Existing metrics will remain in Prometheus, and TiUP will write new metrics to VictoriaMetrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can perform the migration without affecting running instances. Existing metrics will remain in Prometheus, while TiUP will write new metrics to VictoriaMetrics.
```

#### Enable VictoriaMetrics remote write

1. Edit the cluster configuration:

    ```bash
    tiup cluster edit-config ${cluster-name}
    ```

2. Under `monitoring_servers`, set `prom_remote_write_to_vm` to `true`:

    ```yaml
    monitoring_servers:
      - host: ip_address
        ...
        prom_remote_write_to_vm: true
    ```

> 3. Reload the updated configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Reload the configuration to apply the changes:
```

    ```bash
    tiup cluster reload ${cluster-name} -R prometheus
    ```

#### Switch the default data source to VictoriaMetrics

1. Edit the cluster configuration:

    ```bash
    tiup cluster edit-config ${cluster-name}
    ```

2. Under `grafana_servers`, set `use_vm_as_datasource` to `true`:

    ```yaml
    grafana_servers:
      - host: ip_address
        ...
        use_vm_as_datasource: true
    ```

> 3. Reload the updated configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Reload the configuration to apply the changes:
```

    ```bash
    tiup cluster reload ${cluster-name} -R grafana
    ```

> #### (Optional) View historical metrics generated before the switch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### View historical metrics generated before the switch (optional)
```

> If you need to view historical metrics generated before the switch, you can switch the Grafana data source as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to view historical metrics generated before the switch, switch the data source to Grafana as follows:
```

1. Edit the cluster configuration:

    ```bash
    tiup cluster edit-config ${cluster-name}
    ```

> 2. Comment out `use_vm_as_datasource` under `grafana_servers`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Under `grafana_servers`, comment out `use_vm_as_datasource`:
```

    ```yaml
    grafana_servers:
      - host: ip_address
        ...
        # use_vm_as_datasource: true
    ```

> 3. Reload the updated configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Reload the configuration to apply the changes:
```

    ```bash
    tiup cluster reload ${cluster-name} -R grafana
    ```

> 4. To switch back to VictoriaMetrics, repeat the steps in "Switch the default data source to VictoriaMetrics".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To switch back to VictoriaMetrics, repeat the steps in [Switch the default data source to VictoriaMetrics](#switch-the-default-data-source-to-victoriametrics).
```

### Clean up old metrics and services

> After confirming that old metrics have expired, you can remove redundant services and files as follows. This will not affect the running cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After confirming that the old metrics have expired, you can perform the following steps to remove redundant services and files. This does not affect the running cluster.
```

#### Set Prometheus to agent mode

1. Edit the cluster configuration:

    ```bash
    tiup cluster edit-config ${cluster-name}
    ```

2. Under `monitoring_servers`, set `enable_prom_agent_mode` to `true`, and ensure you also set `prom_remote_write_to_vm` and `use_vm_as_datasource` correctly:

    ```yaml
    monitoring_servers:
      - host: ip_address
        ...
        prom_remote_write_to_vm: true
        enable_prom_agent_mode: true
    grafana_servers:
      - host: ip_address
        ...
        use_vm_as_datasource: true
    ```

> 3. Reload the updated configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Reload the configuration to apply the changes:
```

    ```bash
    tiup cluster reload ${cluster-name} -R prometheus
    ```

#### Remove expired data directories

> 1. Find the `data_dir` of the monitoring server in the configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the configuration file, locate the `data_dir` path of the monitoring server:
```
